# Fitness Project
	## That's why you need to invest your time for exercising -
		Freehand prepares your mind and body for the heavy stress you are going to tackle in sports, heavy exercise or daily life.

		High Intensity Cardio(HIC) helps removing your most of the serum and organ imbalances. It helps pumping high amount of blood circulation to every part of your body. Remove blockage in path. As it sometimes burn lipid for heavy energy, taken with proper diet. Daily increasing amount of of HIC prepares a beast inside you. Because HIC needs more patience to hold.
		
		Apparatus exercises in Gym increases your body and muscle strength. Weight training with correct daily routine increases your testerone, growth hormone also your neuro-transmitters like dopamin level with correct food. So, you become more healthy and joyful. These exercises needs too much energy so they increases your food intake. With 6 days apparatus exercise, it removes your stomach and nutrition diseases like constipation, loose motion, dicentry, piles etc within two weeks. You will get immediately a confidence boost and fearlessness inside you within weeks inside you. Because the intensity of this workout is so hard that, it takes all your efforts. And it is like an exercise for your brain to focus, keep patience and confident. Basically, apparatus needs muscle and mind connection. So, sometimes, you just need to close your eyes and feel the muscle when exercising for better result. So, naturally, you become more aware of your body and environment. Thus it makes you a superior person. You will look beautiful in any dress as you will have basic shape. But, apparatus exercises are dangerous if not accomplished in correct form.

		You have to be drug free to get maximum result. So, both apparatus exercise and HIC makes you more health conscious, confident and strong person. And being health conscious is a gift as it will help you fighting diseases and unhealthy food.